feat(core): provide a lightweight and simple way to configure SDK (#1)
NeuraLegion/secbox-sdk-js: packages/core/README.md

> # core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# @secbox/core
```

This library was generated with [Nx](https://nx.dev).

## Building

Run `nx build core` to build the library.

## Running unit tests

> Run `nx test core` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

Reviewer: Please add customer-facing documentation here.

Author: Added documentation for Configuration

# @secbox/core

> The base package can be used to scan local targets, without exposing them to the internet.

Reviewer: The description does not reflect the main aim of the package. As far as I know, it can't be used to start a scan or repeater. See LLD

## Setup

```bash

> npm i @secbox/core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm i -s @secbox/core
```

```

## Usage

> ### Configuration

Reviewer: You should explain to the user what default configuration looks like, describe each field and their purpose, usage of credential providers, etc. Currently, readme doesn't provide enough info about how to use this package.

You can follow this structure:
```md
### Configuration

// ...

#### Options

// ...

#### Credentials

// ...

## License

Copyright © 2022 [NeuraLegion](https://github.com/NeuraLegion).

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE file](LICENSE) for details.
```

First, you need to generate a new instance of `Configuration`.

```ts
import { Configuration } from '@secbox/core';

const config = new Configuration({
    api: 'amqps://{url}:{port}',
    bus: '{bus-name}',
    clientQeueu: `{queue-name}`,
    connectTimeout: 10000,
    heartbeatInterval: 5000,
    reconnectTime: 5000,
    credentials: {
      username: '{username}',
      token: '{token}'

>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    host: 'app.neuralegion.com',
    credentials: {
      token: 'your API key'
    }
```

# @secbox/core

> The base package can be used to obtaining config including credentials from different sources, and provide simplified abstraction to handle integration events and commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core package can be used to obtain a config including credentials from different sources, and provide a simplified abstraction to handle events and commands.
```

## Setup

```bash
npm i -s @secbox/core
```

## Usage

### Configuration

First, you need to generate a new instance of `Configuration`.

```ts
import { Configuration } from '@secbox/core';

const config = new Configuration({
    api: 'app.neuralegion.com',
    bus: 'EventBus'
    credentials: {
      token: 'xxxxxxx.xxxx.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
    }

>   });

Reviewer: Please format the code inside README

```

>  After that, you can inject it using `container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, you can resolve the configuration using the IoC container. 
```

```ts

> const injectedConfig = config.container.resolve(Configuration);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const config = config.container.resolve(Configuration);
```

```

#### Options

```ts
interface ConfigurationOptions {
  bus?: string;
  api?: string;
  credentials?: Credentials;
  credentialProviders?: Array<CredentialProvider>;
}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts
interface ConfigurationOptions {
  bus?: string;
  api?: string;
  credentials?: Credentials;
  credentialProviders?: CredentialProvider[];
}
```
```

> `bus` - key of exchange\

Reviewer: Well, it has nothing to do with exchange, to be honest)

```suggestion
`bus` - key of exchange
```

> `api` - URL that will be used to connect to the queue\

Reviewer: ditto

> `credentials` -  credentials that are needed to get access to the queue\

Reviewer: ditto

> `credentialProviders` - array of providers that provide credentials

Reviewer: Use the list or something else to format the options. Provide an example of usage from each of them

## Options
### credentials
* type: `Credentials`

Set credentials to access the application.
```ts
new Configuration({
  credentials: {
    token: 'your API key'
  }
})
```

More info about [setting up an API key](https://docs.neuralegion.com/docs/manage-your-organization#manage-organization-apicli-authentication-tokens)

#### Credentials

You have two ways to pass credentials:

>   - `credentials` property

Reviewer: Use `option` instead of `property`, since we are speaking about configuration, and not about objects.

```suggestion
  - `credentials` option
```

  - `credentialProviders` property

`credentials` property is the easiest way to pass credentials. You just need to pass credentials to this property.

> `credentialProviders` allows you to provide credentials and load it in runtime. You can pass many providers, and credentials will be loaded from the first provider which successfully provides credentials.\

Reviewer: ditto

> By default is present `EnvCredentialProvider`. `EnvCredentialProvider` load credentials from the environment.

Reviewer: It is still not clear what kind of env variable it looks for. 

e.g.

## EnvCredentialProvider

Use this provider to read credentials from the following environment variable: `BRIGHT_TOKEN`

If the `BRIGHT_TOKEN` environment variable is not set or contains a falsy value,  it will return undefined.

_YOUR EXAMPLE OF USAGE_

# @secbox/core

The core package can be used to obtain a config including credentials from different sources, and provide a simplified abstraction to handle events and commands.

## Setup

```bash
npm i -s @secbox/core
```

## Usage

### Configuration

First, you need to generate a new instance of `Configuration`.

```ts
import { Configuration } from '@secbox/core';

const config = new Configuration({

>   api: 'app.neuralegion.com',
>   bus: 'EventBus'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cluster: 'app.neuralegion.com',
```

  credentials: {
    token: 'xxxxxxx.xxxx.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
  }
});
```

After that, you can resolve the configuration using the IoC container.

```ts
const config = config.container.resolve(Configuration);
```

#### Options
```ts

> interface ConfigurationOptions {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export interface ConfigurationOptions {
```

  cluster: string;
  credentials?: Credentials;
  credentialProviders?: CredentialProvider[];
}
```

#### cluster

> - type `string`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- type: `string`
```

> Set url that used to access the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the application name (domain name), that is used to establish connection with. By default, the option is equal to `app.neuralegion.com`.
```

```ts

> new Configuration({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const config = new Configuration({
```

>   cluster: 'neuralegion.com' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cluster: 'app.neuralegion.com',
```

})
```

#### credentials

> - type `Credentials`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- type: `Credentials`
```

Set credentials to access the application.

```ts

> new Configuration({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const config = new Configuration({
```

  credentials: {
    token: 'your API key'
  }
})
```

More info about [setting up an API key](https://docs.neuralegion.com/docs/manage-your-organization#manage-organization-apicli-authentication-tokens)

#### credentialProviders

> - array of `CredentialProvider`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- type: `CredentialProvider[]`
```

> Allows you to provide credentials and load it in runtime. You can pass many providers, and credentials will be loaded from the first provider which successfully provides credentials. By default is present `EnvCredentialProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to provide credentials and load it in runtime. You can pass many providers, and credentials will be loaded from the first provider which successfully provides credentials. Currently, only `EnvCredentialProvider` is accessible.
```

#### EnvCredentialProvider

> Use this provider to read credentials from the following environment variable: BRIGHT_TOKEN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this provider to read credentials from the following environment variable: `BRIGHT_TOKEN`
```

> If the BRIGHT_TOKEN environment variable is not set or contains a falsy value, it will return undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `BRIGHT_TOKEN` environment variable is not set or contains a falsy value, it will return undefined.
```
